Okay.
So here is a really cool piece of news you can see here that I have expanded my entire directory structure
in my tests unit components folder and we can see that just about all of our tests are in TypeScript,
which also means that we have converted the corresponding components to TypeScript as well.
So we have obviously made a lot of progress in moving our entire codebase over to TypeScript.
So just to be a perfect completionist, let's target this final test file right here, job search form
that test that.
Yes.
And of course, in order to do that, we're going to need to adjust the component as well.
Let's open up job search form, view and right here we'll repeat our usual steps.
So right here I'm going to do lang equals S.
And right here I will import to find component and right here I will invoke defined component passing
in my object, closing it off right here.
And as I just hover my mouse over some of these constants that we're making available as properties
in the returned object, they look correct to me.
This is a graph or in other words, a view.
Reactive object wrapping a string.
Same thing with that.
Search for jobs is a function that returns void, which is correct.
Our router reference right here from use router is indeed returning a router object or a router interface,
which means that the push method is being validated.
So everything is looking good right here.
And with that we can of course move on to job search, form that, test that yes, drag it over here
to the right and rename this file to have a TSA extension.
There we go.
And we can see we're going to have a couple of issues here.
First, a, let's make this view to make sure it understands that we're importing.
We can see our usual mock return value problems, too, right here.
I'm going to say const user out or mark is going to be use router as just mock type.
And I'm going to make sure to update this to be use root or mock scrolling down, everything looks correct
and there's only one test in this file.
So with that we can run NPM run test.
In fact, let's run the entire test week because why not?
It's been a while since we did that.
Then it's going to run Test Colon Unit to run everything in our code base, which is going to include
a bunch of test files all written in TypeScript.
We can actually see them all appear right here and it gives me a really good feeling to see all of those
test extensions at the end.
Of course, my is deciding that right now is the absolute best time to be as slow as possible running
these tests.
But you can see they are now finally progressing.
And there we go, 24 passing test suites with 73 total passing tests and things are looking pretty good.
All right.
So I will see you in the next lesson.